Refractory Materials Business As the Chinese economy continued to slow down during the period, the decreasing overall output of the steel industry in China, over-capacity and the lowest tender strategy prevailing in the steel, cement and glass industries have led to a more intense competition in the refractory materials industry. The reduction of production in Japans steel industry has also resulted in less procurement of refractory materials in China. During the period, the Group sold approximately 10,800 tonnes of ordinary refractory materials and high temperature ceramics products, a decrease of approximately 20% year-on-year. The selling prices of its main products such as fused magnesium chrome bricks, alumina-graphite bricks, casting materials and Sialon series products remained flat with a variation within 5% when compared with the same period last year. With respect to raw materials, unit price of fused magnesium chrome grains and chromium concentrate decreased by approximately 10%. Regarding the magnesium grain business, the overall performance was relatively stable and production hours had increased when compared with the corresponding period last year. The Group sold approximately 34,000 tonnes of fused magnesium grain and high purity magnesium grain, a growth of more than 40% year-on-year. The change in selling prices was within 10% when compared with the corresponding period last year. Under this waxing-and-waning condition, the segments gross profit margin maintained at less than 10%. Geographically, China remained the dominant market for the Groups refractory materials business, with domestic sales accounting for about 86% of the total sales. Sales to the Japanese market decreased to about 9% while sales to other markets such as Europe and the Middle East accounted for about 5%. Prospects Chinas 13th Five-year Plan marks a critical period for the rare earth industry to maintain a sustainable and healthy development. It is also an important time as Chinese Government is exerting great efforts on the standardisation of rare earth resources development, focusing on addressing the over-capacity issue and driving the development of the rare earth industry through an intensive approach and a related shift to manufacture high-end products. At present, due to the persistently sluggish market conditions affecting the entire rare earth industry and uncertainties in the refractory materials application businesses, the demand for rare earth and refractory materials is expected to remain weak. However, as the Chinese Government continues to formulate and announce regulations to reform and consolidate the industry, the Group believes that future prospects of the industry will still present opportunities. Recently, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology stated that the industry will continue the implementation of the provisions in Several Opinions of the State Council on Promoting the Sustainable and Healthy Development of the Rare Earth Industry. A series of laws and regulations issued by the Chinese ya Government were enforced to facilitate the rare earth industrial restructuring, transformation and upgrading in a bid to achieve sustainable and healthy development. In view of these, China is continuing to step up efforts to improve the conditions and better regulate the rare earth market, 15 conserve rare earth resources and combat violations in the rare earth industry. Besides, it is expected that a new round of the national rare earth hoarding reserve plan will be launched within this year. The rare earth prices will rebound, which should then stimulate the improvement in the Groups revenue. In the short term, the Group will formulate timely and appropriate strategies in close consideration of market trends and will actively pursue the expansion of its upstream business, with the aim to generate synergies with its existing business and boost its overall revenue. The Group has engaged a professional team to conduct due diligence for its acquisition of the magnesium ore mining project in Northeastern China. The work is progressing well and is expected to be concluded within this year. Aside from accelerating progress of the acquisition, the Group also continues to explore development opportunities in overseas markets and is actively evaluating the opportunities to collaborate with overseas rare earth enterprises. Liquidity and Financial Resources The Group continues to implement serious and prudent financial strategies and retains adequate liquidity for future acquisitions and development. As at 30 June 2016, the Group had cash and bank deposits valued at a total of approximately HK$1,582,383,000. On 7 August 2015, the Group completed a rights issue and raised approximately HK$390,112,000. Such net proceeds were utilised as general working capital of the Group. In particular, the Group signed supply contracts with certain rare earth suppliers before the end of last year and applied such proceeds to settle a total amount of about HK$428,115,000 as prepayment for the rare earth materials and products. The suppliers will provide goods to the Group upon request within one year or at the relevant time. This initiative enables the Group to counter the efforts by the state-owned rare earth groups to control the supply from rare earth mine sources after industry consolidation, and also secures a sufficient supply of raw materials and products at an advantageous price for future production and trading. However, the market has fluctuated during the period under review and the situation was not as expected. A large proportion of the prepayments for rare earth had not been used as at 30 June 2016 and an amount of approximately HK$332,313,000 remained on book. The Group received the refund of prepayments of about HK$23,632,000 in cash during the period. Due to the weak economy, the Group has granted a longer credit period to some of the customers, which has led to an increase in the ageing of trade receivables. The Group is closely monitoring the repayment situation of customers and negotiating with them in a timely manner. At the same time, it will undertake appropriate action and make provision for bad and doubtful debts whenever necessary. One of the Groups subsidiaries in Mainland China has acquired short term loans of RMB44,800,000 from a bank during the period. 16 (MORE TO FOLLOW) Dow Jones Newswires August 30, 2016 10:10 ET (14:10 GMT)