Viveve(R) to Present at New York Investor Conferences in November SUNNYVALE, CA--(Marketwired - November 01, 2016) - Viveve Medical, Inc. (Viveve) (NASDAQ: VIVE), a company focused on womens health, today announced that Patricia Scheller, chief executive officer, will present at two premier investor conferences in New York City. Ms. Scheller will present updates on the Viveve System, its global development, commercialization, and recent regulatory clearances in the U.S. and abroad. The 7(th) Annual Craig-Hallum Investor Conference - November 16, 2016 at 2:10pm ET - The conference will be held at the Sheraton New York Times Square Hotel. Ms. Scheller and Scott Durbin, chief financial officer, will be participating in the conference and meeting with members of the investment community during one-on-one meetings. Canaccord Genuity Medical Technology Diagnostics Forum - November 17, 2016 at 1:00pm ET - The conference will be held at The Westin Grand Central in New York City. A question and answer session will follow the presentation by Ms. Scheller. Both conference presentations will be webcast live and available for download on the company website at ir.viveve.com About Viveve Viveve Medical, Inc. is a womens health company passionately committed to advancing new solutions to improve womens overall well-being and quality of life. The Viveve System has received regulatory approval in many countries throughout the world and is available through physician import license in Japan. For further information please visit www.viveve.com. Safe Harbor Statement All statements in this press release that are not based on historical fact are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. While management has based any forward-looking statements included in this press release on its current expectations, the information on which such expectations were based may change. These forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions concerning future events and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are outside of our control, which could cause actual results to materially differ from such statements. Such risks, uncertainties and other factors include, but are not limited to, the fluctuation of global economic conditions, the performance of management and our employees, our ability to obtain financing, competition, general economic conditions and other factors that are detailed in our periodic and current reports available for review at www.sec.gov.